Revamp Service Bindings docs for RPC (#13252)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/runtime-apis/handlers/fetch.md

- `env` {{<type>}}object{{</type>}}

>   - The [bindings](/workers/configuration/environment-variables/) available to the Worker. As long as the [environment](/workers/wrangler/environments/) has not changed, the same object (equal by identity) is passed to all requests.

Reviewer: If the second request hits a different isolate, it won't get the same `env` object:

```suggestion
  - The [bindings](/workers/configuration/environment-variables/) available to the Worker. As long as the [environment](/workers/wrangler/environments/) has not changed, the same object (equal by identity) may be passed to multiple requests.
```

> - {{<code>}}context.waitUntil(promise{{<param-type>}}Promise{{</param-type>}}){{</code>}} : {{<type>}}void{{</type>}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{<code>}}ctx.waitUntil(promise{{<param-type>}}Promise{{</param-type>}}){{</code>}} : {{<type>}}void{{</type>}}
```

  - Refer to [`waitUntil`](/workers/runtime-apis/context/#waituntil).

> - {{<code>}}context.passThroughOnException(){{</code>}} : {{<type>}}void{{</type>}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{<code>}}ctx.passThroughOnException(){{</code>}} : {{<type>}}void{{</type>}}
```
